Support customisation in congrats bot and add README (#1)
withastro/automation: README.md

    secrets:
      DISCORD_WEBHOOK: ${{ secrets.DISCORD_WEBHOOK_CONGRATS }}
```

### Optional inputs

You can customize the emojis and co-author message templates to give your repository its own personality. You can set these under `with` in your job:

```yml
jobs:
  congrats:
    if: ${{ github.repository_owner == 'withastro' }}
    uses: withastro/automation/.github/workflows/congratsbot.yml@main
    with:
      EMOJIS: 🤖,👻,😱
      COAUTHOR_TEMPLATES: >
        [
          "Woahhh, <names> really gave us a fright! 🎃",
          "We weren’t sure what we were doing until <names> showed up. 🤝"
        ]
    secrets:
      DISCORD_WEBHOOK: ${{ secrets.DISCORD_WEBHOOK_CONGRATS }}
```

#### `EMOJIS`

**default:** `🎉,🎊,🧑‍🚀,🥳,🙌,🚀`

A comma-delimited set of emojis.
Each congrats bot message will pick one at random for the start of the message.

#### `COAUTHOR_TEMPLATES`

**default:** see [`congratsbot.yml`](./.github/workflows/congratsbot.yml#L31)

A JSON array of co-author recognition templates.
Each template should contain the `<names>` placeholder to be replaced by the names of one or more co-authors for this commit.
(Ignored for commits without any co-authors.)

> When designing templates, bear in mind that `<names>` could be one, two, or more names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing congrats messages, remember that `<names>` could be one, two, or more names. So, create messages that can work for both a single co-author and for several people, for example, "This PR was made even better by `<names>`!"
```
Maybe "designing templates"-> "writing congrats messages" to make the implication of single/plural agreement a little more clear?
